Add warning about disabling `jsonout_output` (#6388)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/user-manual/reference/ossec-conf/global.rst

This toggles the writing of JSON-formatted alerts to ``/var/ossec/logs/alerts/alerts.json`` which would include the same events that would be sent to alerts.log, only in JSON format.

.. warning::

>    Disabling ``jsonout_output`` disrupts indexing of alerts. The Wazuh indexer relies on reading the alerts from the ``alerts.json`` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Disabling ``jsonout_output`` disrupts the alerts indexing. In a standard installation, Filebeat reads the ``alerts.json`` file and sends this information to the Wazuh indexer. If the writing to this file stops, alert indexing ceases.
```
